Docs: AWS RDS Proxy Guide (#21322)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/guides/rds-proxy.mdx

---
title: Database Access with AWS RDS Proxy
description: How to configure Teleport Database Access with AWS RDS Proxy.
---

> This guide will help you to set up Teleport to access your AWS RDS proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you to set up Teleport to access your AWS RDS Proxy instances.
```
It looks like the AWS docs say "RDS Proxy instance", instead of "RDS Proxies" (https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/)

<ScopedBlock scope={["oss", "enterprise"]}>
![Teleport Database Access RDS Proxy Self-Hosted](../../../img/database-access/guides/rds-proxy_selfhosted.png)
</ScopedBlock>
<ScopedBlock scope={["cloud"]}>
![Teleport Database Access RDS Proxy Cloud](../../../img/database-access/guides/rds-proxy_cloud.png)
</ScopedBlock>

<Admonition type="note" title="Supported Engine Family">

> Teleport currently supports RDS Proxies with engine family **PostgreSQL** or **MariaDB and MySQL**.

Reviewer: I think we should `s/RDS (p|P)roxies/RDS Proxy instances/` throughout.

your Teleport Proxy address or Teleport Cloud tenant (e.g. `mytenant.teleport.sh`),
and replace <Var name="us-west-1" /> with your preferred region:

```code
$ teleport db configure create \
   -o file \
   --proxy=<Var name="teleport.example.com"/>:443 \
   --token=/tmp/token \
   --rdsproxy-discovery=<Var name="us-west-1" />
```

The command will generate a Database Service configuration with RDS Proxies
auto-discovery enabled on the <Var name="us-west-1" /> region and place it at the
`/etc/teleport.yaml` location.

## Step 2/5. Create an IAM policy for Teleport

Teleport needs AWS IAM permissions to be able to discover and register RDS
Proxies.

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/aws-bootstrap.mdx!)

## Step 3/5. Start the Database Service

Start the Database Service:

```code
$ teleport start --config=/etc/teleport.yaml
```

The Database Service will discover all RDS Proxies according to the
configuration and register them in the cluster. In addition to the primary
endpoints of the RDS Proxies, their custom endpoints will also be registered.

## Step 4/5. Configure database user credentials

> The Database Service connects to a RDS Proxy instance using IAM authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Database Service connects to an RDS Proxy instance using IAM authentication.
```

## Step 4/5. Configure database user credentials

The Database Service connects to a RDS Proxy instance using IAM authentication.
In addition, the RDS Proxy instance must also be able to connect to the RDS
DB instance or Aurora DB cluster using pre-configured database user credentials.

First use Secrets Manager to store sets of user name and password credentials.
You create a separate Secrets Manager secret for each database user account
that RDS Proxy connects to on the RDS DB instance or Aurora DB cluster. The
password associated with the secret must match the database password for that
user in the target database.

For example, the following AWS CLI command creates a Secrets Manager secret for
database user `alice`:

```
aws secretsmanager create-secret \
  --name rdsproxy_alice --description "database user alice" \
  --secret-string '{"username":"alice","password":"password_for_alice"}'
```

Next, create an IAM role with a policy that can access these secrets, for
example:

```
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "secretsmanager:GetSecretValue",
            "Resource": [

>                 "arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-west-1:account_id:secret:rdsproxy_alice",

Reviewer 2: Just flagging this as another reason to prioritize https://github.com/gravitational/docs/issues/186, as we could replace `alice` with a Var everywhere else but here.
